# Welkom

Dit boek is geboren uit een eenvoudig verlangen: **om terug te geven**. Na jaren
werken met Zabbix en het schrijven van vele andere publicaties over het
platform, voelden Patrik en Nathan een sterke drang om hun kennis te delen op
een manier die toegankelijk was voor iedereen. Zo ontstond het initiÃ«le idee
voor een gratis, online Zabbix-bron. **een project gedreven door de community,
toegewijd aan het versterken van gebruikers.**

As the online resource grew, so did the vision. We recognized the potential to
create something even more impactful. This led to the formation of a foundation,
dedicated to ensuring the long-term sustainability and growth of this community
effort. This book, a tangible culmination of that vision, represents the next
step. All profits generated from its sales will be reinvested back into the
community, enabling us to further expand and enhance the resources and support
we offer. This is more than just a book; it's a testament to the power of shared
knowledge and a commitment to fostering a thriving Zabbix community."

## License

Please note: The english version is the primary source document. Translations
are provided for convenience, but this version is considered the most accurate.


Please before you start take a look at our most updated license :
[License](https://github.com/penmasters/zabbix-book/blob/main/readme.md) on
Github.

*The Zabbix Book* is a freely accessible resource designed to help users
understand and master Zabbix. Contributions are highly encouraged to improve and
expand its content. However, the book is distributed under the **Creative
Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0)** license,
meaning it is free for non-commercial use only.

Contributors should be aware that:

- By contributing to this work, you irrevocably assign and transfer all rights,
  title, and interest in your contributions to **The Monitoring Penmasters
  Foundation**, including any associated intellectual property rights, to the
  fullest extent permitted by law.
- **The Monitoring Penmasters Foundation** reserves the right to use, reproduce,
  modify, distribute, and commercially exploit any contributed material in any
  form, including but not limited to the publication of physical and digital
  books.
- All contributors must sign a **Deed of Transfer of Intellectual Property
  Rights** before making any contributions, ensuring the proper transfer of
  rights and handling of the content by **The Monitoring Penmasters
  Foundation**. Any contributions without a signed **Deed of Transfer of
  Intellectual Property Rights** cannot be accepted.
- All profits generated will be used by The Monitoring Penmasters Foundation to
  cover operational expenses and to sponsor other open-source projects, as
  determined by the foundation.

Your contributions are invaluable and will help make *The Zabbix Book* an even
greater resource for the entire community!

Shield: [![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-shield]][cc-by-nc-sa]

[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International
License][cc-by-nc-sa].

[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-image]][cc-by-nc-sa]

[cc-by-nc-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-nc-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-nc-sa-shield]:
https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg
